[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Mrs. Landry. you're
looking lovely as ever.
Jimmy McGill.
What are you doing here?
I was in the area.
and I thought:
"I wonder how my favorite
former client is doing."
And I have cookies.
Oh. you're so sweet. Come on in.
After I made these.
I looked down...
and I thought "Wow. that
looks just like your Felix."
They do.
- You're so thoughtful.
- Well. I was afraid you wouldn't be here.
Thought with that settlement money.
you might've moved somewhere swankier.
What do you mean?
The settlement.
The Sandpiper case?
- That's gotta be wrapped up by now.
- Oh. that.
That... That... That's
still years away.
- You haven't settled?
- No. I don't know all the details yet...
but Erin... Uh. Erin Brill of
Davis & Main. do you know her?
Lovely girl. She reminds
me of a young Mary Martin.
Oh. yes. I... I have met her. Just
a... She's a wonderful young lady.
Well. she takes
care of all that...
and she said there's
still a long way to go.
But you've received
an offer. right?
Something sent
to you in writing.
I mean. something more
than just Erin and you chatting?
Oh.
It's probably all
here in this box.
I can't make heads or tails of
it. but you are welcome to look.
You sure?
Of course. It's you.
Well. uh. I gotta say...
I can't blame you for getting
mixed up with all this. Heh.
I mean. these legal notices. I mean.
no one really understands them.
You know. I've got a law degree.
Sometimes. I can't even. uh...
I can't even. uh...
[EXHALES AUDIBLY]
You haven't. uh...
accepted this?
Erin says we should wait.
But...
Erin doesn't really
matter. does she?
I mean. you're the
class representative.
That's a big deal.
That means you. and
you alone. decide. You're...
You are the legal stand-in
for your friends and neighbors.
I don't know about all that. Jimmy. I
just leave it all to the professionals.
Yeah. Sure. sure.
Lawyers know best.
But I'm sorry...
if you won the lottery. I mean.
you'd take the lump sum. right?
I mean. money now is
better than money later.
- Bird in the hand?
- I suppose.
More time to enjoy it.
You really should talk to Erin.
She knows all the ins and outs.
Ins and outs. Yeah. Erin
sure knows those. Heh.
I'd be happy to
talk to Erin. Uh...
But I just can't help but wonder
if she's taking every aspect into...
[KNOCK ON DOOR THEN
WOMEN CHATTERING OUTSIDE]
Oh. Jimmy.
I completely forgot. I'm
on my way to chair yoga.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. it's okay. Um...
I probably should be
going. I have a lot to do.
Jimmy.
- Jimmy.
- Rose. Myrtle. Helen.
That chair yoga
really works. huh?
You all look 10 years younger.
- Oh. you honeydripper.
- Hey. hurry up. It starts in five minutes.
- You wanna come with us?
- You're welcome to. We can have guests.
I would love to. uh.
but I'm not dressed for it.
So I'll take a rain check.
Certainly. Thanks for
the cookies. Jimmy.
Bye.
That can't be right.
Can't be right.
Seventeen point four total.
Thirty-three percent
is the common fund.
So I'm one-fifteenth.
Fifteen into 17...
Carry the two...
One million. one
hundred and sixty.
One million. one hundred
and sixty thousand.
Heh. Holy shit.
[♪♪♪]
[CHATTERING]
- Mr. Ehrmantraut?
- Yes.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
It'll be right this way.
Can I get you anything to
drink? Tea. water. espresso?
No. I'm fine. Thank you.
[CHATTERING IN
FOREIGN LANGUAGES]
[KNOCKS]
- Ms. Rodarte-Quayle. I have your next...
- Yes. thank you.
Mr. Ehrmantraut.
Lydia Rodarte-Quayle.
Mike.
Thanks. Justin.
Have a seat. Um...
Mike...
HR sent up your start paperwork.
I-9. W-2. pretty standard.
Could I have your driver's
license and Social Security card?
- Why?
- My assistant needs to make a copy.
How does this hire work.
exactly? Walk me through it.
You'll receive a paycheck from Madrigal
in the amount of $10.000 per week.
I believe at that rate. your employment
should be paid out in about 20 weeks.
Mr. Fring has arranged to
cover FICA. Social Security...
the entirety of the tax burden.
I assume that's
all right with you?
Good. So to that end. I have you
down as a "logistics consultant."
What is that?
It's a person who
consults on logistics.
Does it matter?
I'm not long on logistics.
"Security consultant" would
be better. I used to be a cop.
That'll look better on work history than
your current employer. SMQ Parking.
So...
you take my money...
run it through this joint.
and it's clean? That it?
Yes.
Who knows this operation?
You? Anyone else?
- No.
- You sure?
May I ask what. precisely.
is your concern here?
I'm concerned about what happens
if you put my real name in your books.
Your Madrigal is a
German company.
One thing I know about
Germans is they love a good audit.
I oversee eight freight terminals
across Texas and the Southwest.
Operating costs range between
$800.000 and $1 million per week.
All due respect.
Mike. but your money?
It's a rounding error.
If the IRS or
anyone else looks...
you're a contractor for a
multinational corporation...
with 114.000
employees worldwide.
You're like every other
person in this building.
Like you?
You think I'm not on the books?
I am.
Under my own name.
- This is the way you handled it before?
- Handled what?
The money for
Fring's other guys.
Other guys?
This is the first
time I've done this...
for anyone.
I don't know what you do. but...
Mr. Fring must think
you're quite good at it.
Twenty weeks.
The sooner you're off
my books. the better.
Justin?
Can you make a copy of
these. please? Thank you.
MIKE: Hmm.
- What?
This is a very nice office.
Thank you.
Seem to be risking a
lot for a drug dealer.
Drug dealer?
[SCOFFS]
If that's all you think he is...
then you don't
know Gustavo Fring.
[SIGHS]
Let me understand you.
You're proposing to double our premiums
on every one of our practicing attorneys?
We know this is abrupt.
New issues have come to light.
New issues?
You mean Mr. McGill's
testimony at the bar?
That's a part of it. Yes.
After 25 years of paying full premiums.
I can count on one hand our claims.
This is an underwriting decision.
You shouldn't take it personally.
In some special circumstances. we
have been known to extend a rider.
What kind of rider?
A senior. management-level partner
who would supervise Charles' work.
Attend court and client
meetings with him...
review filings.
We've done this for clients with a
high probability of health failure...
- as a precaution. HOWARD:
What you're saying is...
for any case Charles takes on.
another partner is tied up as well.
And we don't bill a penny more?
This is ludicrous.
The insurance industry
is heavily regulated.
I can think of a dozen infractions
here off the top of my head.
Mr. McGill.
You're hoping we'll
either find another carrier...
or cut you an enormous
check. Win-win for you.
I assure you. neither
is going to happen.
What will happen is very simple:
You're going to do right by us.
or we will compel you to do so.
MAN: What do you mean by "compel"?
- You know exactly what I mean.
If you're threatening
litigation. this meeting is over.
Then it's over.
MAN: Thank you for your time.
Mr. Hamlin. Mr. McGill.
All right. Where do we start?
Francis should start
digging into regulations.
I'm sorry. I don't have the code
sections at my fingertips just now.
Let's pull a team
of associates...
and get them looking at
every angle of injunctive relief.
Before close of business.
we'll hit Santa Rosa...
with a demand letter
that'll make their heads spin.
Odds are. inside a week.
they'll be sitting at the table again.
And if not. well...
we've never shied
away from a fight.
Chuck. do you
remember Al McConnell?
Of course. Hell of a litigator.
- Retired now. isn't he?
- He's a professor at UNM now.
Wrote a fantastic book on
SCOTUS during Reconstruction.
Fascinating stuff.
- Okay.
- I was talking to him...
and he mentioned he'd love
you to come speak to his One-L's.
Maybe make it a regular
thing. if you wanted.
What are you talking
about. Howard?
What I'm saying is...
maybe it's time to
hang up your spurs.
Become partner emeritus.
Leave your name on the
firm. but focus on your legacy.
You always said you wanted to
work on the Commerce Clause.
You can write the book on it.
And no longer be
a practicing lawyer.
Chuck. there's
more to life than this.
That day is far in
the future. Howard...
and I don't appreciate
the suggestion.
- What if it's not a suggestion?
- Meaning?
Meaning if enough people
tell you that you're drunk...
maybe it's time to sit down.
You want me to retire over this?
- The insurance?
- It's not just the insurance.
That's the straw that
broke the camel's back.
Oh. so this is
about my condition.
Look.
You see?
See?
I'm better.
Howard. I'm fine.
This is not what
"fine" looks like.
Chuck. you are the best
legal mind I've ever known.
Hands down.
But your decision-making
has become unpredictable.
I can't be partners with someone
whose judgment I don't trust.
Chuck.
[DOOR CLOSES]
GATWOOD: This right here is
the Texas-New Mexico border.
Now...
all of my wells are square...
on the Texas side.
When I negotiated for the
mineral and property rights...
the surveyor said that the
next nearest pool extended to...
about here.
Right.
But after some extraction...
the west wall of the
salt dome gave way...
opening up another
pool that extends what?
- A hundred yards over the border?
- About the size of it.
And now you have the New
Mexico rights holders to deal with.
They should get
profit on theirs...
but I've got two states coming after
me for taxes on each and every gallon.
No equipment crosses the border?
No. ma'am.
Nothing below the
surface. like the...?
What. is it a drill bit?
It'd be the sucker rod at this
point. but no. none of that.
Only on the Texas side.
That's not stopping New
Mexico from trying to bleed me.
You said on the phone
you have a solution.
You don't negotiate a
lease with the rights holders.
- You offer to pay them damages.
- Damages?
For diminishing their resource.
A significant fraction of the
value of the New Mexico portion...
but without paying for
the rights themselves.
So kind of a payoff.
You don't get
hit with the taxes.
You think you can make that fly?
If someone came
to me with this offer...
I'd sure as hell take it.
Wish I'd called you sooner.
Way they're making noise...
if I don't get this wrapped
up by the end of the quarter...
I'm pretty sure the tax boys
are gonna take me apart.
And that's two weeks from now?
I can do it by then.
Really?
If we get the rights
holders in one place...
I can walk them through
what we're proposing.
- If they're smart. they'll go for it.
- Well. hot damn.
Kevin said you're a miracle
worker. I didn't believe him.
I'm starting to.
Yeah. Well. let me work that
miracle first. then we'll talk.
You know the way out of
here? I got a drill head...
that's acting up on me out
in the north 40 I gotta check.
Yeah. I'm good.
You need anything from
me. you got my cell. Call me.
Will do.
[STARTS ENGINE]
Billy Gatwood meeting notes:
Contact Gatwood Oil...
get names and numbers for
New Mexico rights holders.
[ENGINE REVVING]
Shit.
No. no. no!
[BRAKES SQUEAK]
[SIGHS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
Continuing notes from
Gatwood Oil meeting:
Contact rights holders...
begin scheduling.
[JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Howard.
- What are you doing here. Jimmy?
- We have business to discuss.
Is this about Chuck?
Who?
If you have business.
then call my secretary.
I did. She stonewalled
me. as if you didn't know.
Sandpiper.
- What about it?
- It's time to settle.
I saw the current offer.
The clients make their losses
back. plus a solid chunk of change.
Not that it's any
of your business...
but we project a number
higher than the current offer.
I get it. I get it.
You hold out...
maybe you squeeze a
grand more for each client.
Meanwhile. HHM nets
a few million. you know?
You're screwing the
clients for your own benefit.
Oh. so now you're
worried about the clients?
It's the right thing to
do. and you know it.
Please.
All you care about is
your share of the payout.
[CHUCKLES]
It's like talking to Gollum.
You're transparent and pathetic.
You want a handout?
Here.
Huh?
Next time...
why don't you bring a tin cup?
It'd be more honest.
Listen. Howard.
Settle this now. It's in
everyone's best interests.
Meaning it's in
your best interests.
And if we don't. what
are you gonna do?
Peel off members of the class.
leak insider info to Schweikart?
Oh. I doubt it.
I know you're low enough to do
that. but you're too damn greedy.
You do any of that. you'll
be jeopardizing your payday.
You'll get your damn money...
you're just gonna
have to wait for it.
[LIGHTER CLICKING]
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
[IN SPANISH]
What's so important?
BOLSA [IN SPANISH OVER
PHONE]: Had a conversation...
with our friend by the pool.
He's very pleased
with our progress.
He feels our consolidated
transportation method is working.
In fact. it works so well...
that our friend says this will be
the only way. moving forward.
Of course. your territory
will stay yours forever.
But this system has
less exposure. Less risk.
Everything moves
through the Chilean.
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
[IN SPANISH] Don Hector...
I never asked for
this. I do not want it.
NACHO: Don Hector.
[HECTOR GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
Fuck Eladio...
fuck Bolsa...
and fuck you.
[LIGHT POP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[MAN SINGING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
[WOMEN CHATTERING NEARBY]
WOMAN: Well. we go around
about. you know. six times. I think.
I think we're... Yeah.
I think... I think so.
I know. It's just
so good for you.
JIMMY: Hello. ladies.
Good morning.
- Jimmy?
- Hi. Jimmy.
Jimmy. You girls go on a
little bit. I'll catch up with you.
[LAUGHS]
Wow. Irene. Fancy running
into you twice in one week.
How lucky am I?
You're a mall-walker?
I had no idea.
Me? Oh. yeah. big-time.
I mean. it's great for cardio.
hamstrings. glutes. IT band.
I'm a huge mall-walker. Been
out of the game for a while.
Developed this damn plantar
fasciitis. Hurts like a bear.
Oh. I'm so sorry
to hear about that.
Well. hey. I got
the cure right here.
Pow!
These have a special
gel and resistance coils...
and a bunch of stuff. It's
like walking on pillows.
Well. they look comfortable.
You like them?
Well. they...
They're quite stylish.
Hey. you know what?
I bought a pair for my girlfriend. and
they don't fit. and the store has this...
Wouldn't you know it?
- -no-refunds policy.
What size are you?
Seven and a half.
seven and a half.
Oh. there you go.
- How does that feel?
- Oh...
I... I see what you mean.
They are so nice. and
they fit like a dream.
But I can't take
these for free. Jimmy.
Oh. please.
- There is one thing you could do for me.
- What's that?
Don't tell the other
folks I gave them to you.
I don't wanna look like
I'm playing favorites.
My lips are sealed.
Then you enjoy those. I'm gonna
go get my heart rate back up.
- Oh. thank you.
- See you later.
Thank you so much. Jimmy.
[EXHALES]
[♪♪♪]
the hand of love. Now. watch.
and I'll show you the story of life...
JIMMY: You've got some
questions. It's only natural.
And the truth is. if Irene
settles. you'd get some money.
But. I mean. it's not like
you guys need it. right?
On the other hand. I did
get a look at their offer...
and I don't wanna speak
out of school. but it's. uh:
[WHISTLES]
But. I mean. hey. everyone's
situation is different.
Maybe Irene just
doesn't need the money.
I don't know for a fact. but...
when you see someone
buying nice new things...
- Like those shoes.
Uh-huh.
JIMMY: Those must
have cost a pretty penny.
If she can afford those.
she's walking on easy street.
And there's something else.
You know. the lawyers?
I mean. that's the lawyers'
share of the settlement...
and your share
is this much. Doot.
If Irene holds out...
the lawyers get
this much more...
and you are gonna
get this much more.
Doesn't seem like
much difference.
JIMMY: I know. but
that's how it works.
And Irene knows it too. I mean.
the lawyers have explained it to her.
It's crazy. but
it's all up to Irene.
After all. she is the
class representative.
Does that mean
that she gets more?
No. no. It just means in the
eyes of the court. she's special.
She's like your
congressman or ambassador.
ROSE: Is there
anything we can do?
No.
No. You can't do anything.
I can't do anything.
Only Irene.
She probably knows what's best.
I'm sure she's taking
your feelings into account.
Hey. look at the big picture.
Who needs money when
you got the moral high ground?
[JIMMY EXHALING]
Yoo-hoo!
Rose.
Helen.
Ladies?
[WOMAN SPEAKING
IN SPANISH OVER TV]
[TV CLICKS OFF]
[IN SPANISH] Ignacio?
[IN SPANISH] Hey. Dad.
I was falling
asleep to the news.
NACHO: Yeah. I know.
Are you all right. mijo?
Dad...
A man is going to
come to your shop. Soon.
A bad man.
What?
He'll want to run
the place for a while.
And you'll have to let him.
Do you understand?
And who is this man?
Hector Salamanca.
Salamanca.
I've been working
for them again.
[SIGHS]
I know what you're thinking.
And you can scream at me...
disown me...
never speak to me again.
but whatever happens...
you must do what he says.
I know what you're
gonna want to do.
But you can't.
You can't. Dad.
Do what he says. this will
blow over in a few weeks.
If you don't...
I swear.
I swear it'll be over soon.
How can I believe
anything you say?
Promise me you won't
do anything stupid.
Promise me. Dad.
Please.
Get out of my house.
[DOOR CLOSES]
FRANCIS: I'm still waiting for
those third-party subpoenas.
- Great. Let me know. Thanks. Francis.
- All right.
Julie. what's up?
From Chuck. It
came via messenger.
The instructions say he wants
you to read it as soon as possible.
[CHUCKLES]
Uh. here's what I need
you to do: call around.
Find someplace special
for the retirement party.
Something classy. old
school. La Posada. maybe.
And a band. something
jazzy. Upbeat.
Find what's available.
Let's set it up.
Okay.
Goddamn it. Chuck.
You're suing Hamlin
Hamlin McGill?
Come on in. Howard.
You turned the lights on?
I told you.
I'm back to normal.
And. yes. I am suing
HHM for breach of contract.
Do you have any
idea what you're doing?
I believe I do. I'm
calling your bluff.
This is my firm. I built it.
Your father was working in a
two-room office when I joined him.
And you. I tutored
for the bar exam.
You're not kicking me out.
If you can't "trust my
judgment." as you say. so be it...
but you're gonna have
to pay me for my share.
I believe that comes
to around $8 million.
We both know the firm
doesn't have the money.
You'd rather tear
down HHM than retire?
You think I'm trouble
now as your partner?
Imagine me as your enemy.
[WHIRRING]
Chuck.
The damage you're going to do...
If you'd like to discuss
this further. we can. in court.
Until then...
what else is there to say?
[WHIRRING RESUMES]
[GROANS]
Blue pot. Red wine.
Black burner.
Black burner. Black
burner. Black burner.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[EXHALING SHARPLY]
JIMMY: I got hot
hands. I got hot hands.
I know this is gonna
be the one. B-9.
Let's hope that biopsy
comes back "B-9."
B-9.
Okay. What's next?
We got I-29.
I remember when I was 29.
I bet you do too.
I-29.
Here comes O-62.
Oh. my God. Have I called 62
of these already? Feels like it.
O-62.
Here we have B-2. B-2.
Well. tonight it is all bingo.
Here it comes.
O-70. anyone? O-70.
All right. No takers.
Boom.
G-55. G-55.
Oh. my God. bingo. I got bingo.
Big Paul. bring it up.
Kelley. take a look.
[CLAPPING AND CHEERING]
We may have a winner.
Kelley. tell me.
Have we got it? We
have a bingo: Paul.
Step up to the winner's
circle. Let's hear it for him.
Let's give him a big
round of applause.
Okay. New game. new cards.
Here they come.
Get yourself some
new cards. new cards.
The helpers have them.
You can have one. two. You
can have up to four. as you know.
Here's a lucky blue one for you.
All right. Take your cards
so we can start a new game.
There you go. Add
that to your stack.
All right. Get your cards.
Hey. Irene. You
feeling lucky today?
I guess so.
All right. Well.
here's one on me.
Just for you.
All right.
I sold my soul
for B-I-N-G and O.
Let's clear the table.
Load it up.
[♪♪♪]
Locked and loaded.
Here comes a new game.
First number up.
It's N-31.
N for "Nancy."
Thirty-one for the number of
times she told me to take a hike.
N-31.
G-48. G for the
"Greatest Generation."
Forty-eight for "Dewey
defeats Truman."
Here's I-25. The big I.
I-25. It's B-12.
Like the vitamin.
O-67.
Anybody? I got a
good feeling about this.
O-67.
I... I think bingo!
Who is that?
Come on up.
Irene? Irene. come
on up here. dear.
Bring it up to Kelley.
Let's take a look.
Kelley has to check your card.
Here she comes.
Could be.
Oh. my goodness.
It is a bingo for Irene.
Let's hear it for Irene Landry.
[FAINT APPLAUSE]
Give it up for the big
winner. Irene Landry.
Fastest bingo of the night.
Come on. Let's
hear it for Irene.
[GROANS]
[SOBBING]
Irene?
Where are you going...? Hey...
You know what? Take over.
Okay.
Time for a new game.
Uh. let's get some
cards out for everyone.
[IRENE SOBBING]
Hey. what's going on? You okay?
Oh. don't do that.
Your mascara's
gonna run all over.
Irene. come on.
What's wrong?
They've all turned on me.
Who has?
My friends.
Helen. Rose. Myrtle.
All of them.
What? No.
Yes.
They're so cold.
When I walk past them.
they stop talking. and...
I hear them whispering
when they think I'm not there.
It's just so...
They're so cruel. and
I don't even know why.
I think. uh...
maybe I do.
You do?
Could it be the settlement?
I mean. maybe they
want the money...
you know. to
improve their lives?
I had no idea any of
them needed money.
No one said anything to me.
Well. maybe it's not
about the money itself.
I mean. although...
who wouldn't want more money?
I mean. maybe
it's the idea that...
they don't think you're
considering them. you know?
Thinking of their needs.
I... I didn't know.
I don't wanna hurt
them. They're my friends.
I wish we'd never
even started this lawsuit.
I just want everything
to go back the way it was.
What should I do?
What would you do?
I mean. you know I'm
not a lawyer right now.
Please?
Should I settle?
Irene...
[SIGHS]
you listen to your heart.
- Uh. time?
- Two hours out.
When did I say I
was gonna leave?
Twenty minutes ago.
Uh. can I have some
more coffee. please?
Coming.
Uh. I'm missing a
survey history in this one.
On it. Sorry about that.
Not a problem.
Hey. who's ready to
have her life changed?
Kim. did you hear me?
Yep. I heard you. Life changed.
Heh. Stop your work.
both of you. for a sec.
I got big. big news.
Can you just tell us later?
I'm so late. it's not even funny.
Mesa Verde can
wait. Look. I got Zafiro.
It's not Mesa Verde. It's a new
client. and if I mess up. a former client.
I thought Mesa Verde
was your one and only.
No. it's... I'm sorry.
Can I explain this
to you later? I'm...
Sandpiper is settling.
- What?
- Yeah.
For a bundle.
But they can't be settling.
Class actions don't move that fast.
Don't get bogged
down in the details.
Trust me. They're settling.
- Wow. that... That's great. then.
- Yeah. Yeah.
So. hey. let's celebrate.
I can tell that you pulled another
all-nighter here. you know?
You gotta stop
and smell the roses.
Hey. who's got two
thumbs. a bottle of Zafiro...
and 20 percent of
the common fund?
- This guy.
- I know. You do. Uh. I am happy for you.
Be happy for us.
This is the solution
to everything.
- Okay. Could you put these all in my car?
- Kim.
- Yeah. Jimmy. I gotta go.
- Give me five goddamn minutes.
- I don't have five minutes.
- You're already late.
What's five more minutes?
Drive 60 instead of 55.
- Jimmy.
- What...?
You're not hearing me. Our
troubles are over. Come on.
Jimmy. I'm leaving now.
I'll be back in a few hours.
Think of all the things you wanna
say to me and say them later.
Goodbye.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[DOOR OPENS]
You. Shots.
- Uh. I...
- Shots.
We're celebrating.
Cheers.
Smooth.
[TAPPING FINGERS ON TABLE]
Yeah.
Under the terms we're offering.
you get a substantial payment...
without any impact to your
property via drilling and extraction...
and rather than waiting years to close.
Mr. Gatwood is offering cash. right now.
Given the cost of overhead...
liabilities and other burdens
Mr. Gatwood assumes...
we believe this offer
is more than fair.
We believe...
We believe this
offer is more than fair.
[GASPS]
[PANTING]
[GROANING]
[♪♪♪]